(xxx) xxx-xxxx
email@email.comFirst Last
Data ScientistPortfolio: MathtoData.com
github.com/TimmyChan
linkedin.com/in/timmy-l-chan
1234 Street Ave.,
Unit #777
City, State
00000
April 6, 2023
Jane Doe
Hiring Manager
Big Data, Inc.
Address line 1
Address line 2
Dear Jane Doe,
I’m excited to apply for the Senior Data Scientist position at Big Data that I found on LinkedIn. I understand that Big Data was
included in a "Best of Tech" list, and got a new influx of investor funding as a result. I believe my skills in video and animation provide
a significant advantage for creating a successful launch. As a longtime fan of your products, I’m thrilled at the opportunity to bring
my unique style and passion for beachwear to the company.
As the Director of Human Resources at Wes Morgan Philips, I was a key senior leader in the organization and was responsible
for improving the efficiency and performance of the company’s 540 employees. Before that, I worked in human resources, equal
employment opportunity and diversity for Jenkins Technology Solutions, Inc. At Jenkins Technology Solutions Inc., I developed an
employee retention plan that involved the creation of a wellness program, an internal training program and a promotions selection
process, which led to a 50% reduction in the overall employee turnover rate.
Achieving ambitious marketing goals is always a top priority, and I am always looking out for the best interests of the com-
pany. I enjoy delivering marketing presentations to potential clients and focusing on the strengths of an organization. My marketing
skills at River Tech enabled the company to experience new levels of success and a 45% increase in customer engagement. I am
never satisfied with the status quo, and I believe that a company should continually look for ways to improve and reach new clients
through innovative campaigns.
Thank you for your time and consideration. I’m looking forward to learning more details about the Senior Data Scien-
tist position at Big Data. Growth is essential to my continued success, and I’m excited for the chance to be a part of Big Data’s
industry-leading team. My proven track record and Big Data’s quality products are a winning combination for increasing the com-
pany’s market share.
Sincerely,
First Last